>> Brian Holt: Let's go make
our other routes enabled.
Let;s go to app.jsx, I want you to
delete both details and search.
>> Brian Holt: After this,
I will push another branch.
>> Brian Holt: And what I want to do here,
just make sure I get this correct.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna
do another async route
>> Brian Holt: Props is gonna be
equal to props.
>> Brian Holt: Actually props is
going to be equal to Object.assign.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna
have an object of shows.
Cuz we're gonna have to pass in
preload.shows cuz that's what
we were doing before.
>> Brian Holt: Comma props, so
we're making sure that we're also
bringing in all the props as well.
>> Brian Holt: So that's object.assign,
that's the end of props.
>> Brian Holt: And then here we're
also gonna have to pass in loading
promise which is going to be
equal to import search ./search.
That should be enough.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that's our second route.
>> Brian Holt: And
then the last route here,
we are gonna have to mess around
with this component here.
>> Brian Holt: So
down here what we are going to return is,
instead of returning details right here,
we are going to return AsyncRoute.
props is going to be equal to,
>> Brian Holt: Again Object.assign.
>> Brian Holt: And
show is going to be selectedShow.
>> Brian Holt: And do we really need that?
I don't think we need that.
>> Brian Holt: And props.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
to placate the type checker,
it's saying hey I need you to
guarantee me that match is
coming because details depends
on match if you remember that.
So just it placate the type checker, just
to make sure that always comes through,
is we're gonna pass it match that way.
>> Brian Holt: Oops, match
>> Brian Holt: What would happen there?
>> Brian Holt: I wanna say match:that.
Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
what are you mad about?
>> Brian Holt: And
you need loadingPromise, obviously.
So the other thing you could do if you
didn't want this typo is you could go make
match a maybe type, and then do default
props and that would work okay.
I don't really have a problem doing
with this either way, so up to you.
Loading promise is going
to be equal to ./details.
So again,
another reason why I loved flow here cuz
I totally forgot to put
loading promise on there.
But flow was quick to say,
hey you promised me this loading promise
was coming in, where is it, right?
And it just instantly
reminded me to do that.
So it's just very tight feedback
loop coming from the type checker.
>> Speaker 2: Don't you
have to import that?
>> Brian Holt: You do, thank you.
Import, so again, if you see right there,
it was erroring out.
It was saying you're passing me
a string and I want a promise.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now if we go to our Webpack console,
we should see three different bundles,
right?
So if we go down here all
the way to the bottom,
you're gonna see 0.bundle,
bundle.4, bundle.5.
So it's actually being quite
a bit stuff going out here.
And a lot of times like it's bundled
in weird and mysterious ways.
Sometimes you'll have two bundles
that'll share a library so
it'll split that out into a yet
different bundle.
So that the last bundle
doesn't have to get it, and
only the other two have to get it.
It does some really clever stuff that it's
only possible if a machine is analyzing
your dependency graph and not you.
>> Brian Holt: So
again I've got bundle and 5.bundle.js.
As soon as I go to Browse All,
I'm gonna get 0.
And as soon as I go to the last one,
I'm gonna get 4.
And then again I can go back and
it's not going to request it after that
because it is already in the cache.
And webpack is very good
about keeping that cache so
you can just keep handing it to it,
so pretty awesome.
Any questions about that?
>> Brian Holt: Well,
let me pose a question on your behalf.
>> Brian Holt: We're doing
server side rendering and
if you look at our server side rendering.
Well, we're not doing server
side rendering right now but
when we do server side rendering,
I think we could just do it right now.
Yeah, it should work.
Yarn, start.
Shut that down.
>> Brian Holt: Whatever,
screw you, hot module reload.
>> Brian Holt: If you look
here at the output of it,
we're getting the loading
spinner as the output, right,
because the first load is going
to be the loading spinner.
That's what we expect.
So this is the dark side of
splitting your code is this is not
really a good way of doing
service side rendering and
code splitting because those initial
renders are never going to match up.
And so what's gonna happen is you're gonna
load that markup, and say you're able to
inject that component so
it's loaded synchronously on the server.
It gets sent down to the client,
React is gonna say,
this is different than what I render.
My first render is a loading spinner,
I'm gonna blow this away.
Then it blows it away,
puts the loading spinner up, and
then it's gonna reload
the one that you have.
And right now it's kind of
an unavoidable problem.
Just by the architecture of webpack
we really can't get around it.
We're working on it is
the answer to that question.
The webpack team's aware of it.
There's a couple, James Kyle put out
a component called React Loadable that
kind of seeks to sidestep it.
But suffice to say that for today we're
not going to be able to sidestep it.
So, server side rendering and
code splitting are kind
of choose one right now.
And it's kind of up to you to
decide which one's the best one.
>> Brian Holt: Don't get me wrong,
you can do both.
There's some difficulties
in getting it to work.
>> Brian Holt: Any other questions?
>> Speaker 3: So for our purposes we just
have to change the web pack config, right,
from the server side to
the client side with the HMR?
Like when we redid this did we
change it back to what the-
>> Brian Holt: The dev server?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I did, but
it's easier to work with.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.